yes halli hello you love this video
unbelievable for two months
make and now the time has come
I'll tell you everything about striping what
is that how it works and that you can
do everything with it
Writing is a kind of technique with whole
thin sticky movies like tesa could be
Imagine this glue
Rolls are available in many different ways
Colors if you have not seen something like that
I have a link from you
Amazon in the infobox because you get ten
piece for 399 or so so one
tubes really do not cost the world
I currently want it in three colors
In any case, even more of me
get and you can different with it
make designs it's easy for her
a strip on the nails does so
as i told you this in the video
have already shown or
that you just say you make two
different nail polishes and makes that
then dividing with his striping
as well as you see this for example the
advantage is that could drive through that
something like that, of course, just as a stroke
pull with nail polish if a quiet
hand off then you can do that too
but I personally think that one
nail design really just really good
Looks if it is super top accurate
and I manage that in person
frankly never and brushstrokes
With his striping, it's easy
always directly right properly forces out
you have a sharp drawn with knew
and should there not great now
rumfummeln continue and that is really
very fast or you just take it easy
also two different textures so
dull or shiny like me that
Now here with this nail design
just shown and yes I show
you guys today how are you ?
needs striping tapings for that
and something to cut the nails are
already painted and I want to go now
the ring finger making a design to
I suppose first is writing intel
the beginning and started with one
left excel those a little bit off too
bludgeon
I cut myself so many stripes
from as I need for my design
will work fine for me
if I'm the kotick out of it all
I can do that better
use
and now you do not have to do anything
continue to do as with the pz
your stripes in desired patterns
to lay down the finger
to somehow press it like that
little different than liable and important
is that above and below always such a
bit survives and of course the
also adopted
are glued exactly it goes on everyone
more decent than if you were such
Strip with a brush and pull that
just make the special of this
Nail design
when you're done then you have to
just press on and with
your tailor the excess
Remove pieces at the top of the needlepoint
You also cut the bottom ones
Edge match the nail polish knew
and now he really only needs
make a clear coat on it and finished
that this you see, that's really
not so difficult and you should
absolutely trust you there are
of course countless ideas you can too
different colored stripes together
mix that you put the middle or
bad over or out of the middle
So there are your fantasies on everyone
if no limits set if you
I liked the video then I could
Also imagine a trading for
to make an advanced following because
that is not all you have to do with the
can make striping tips if you
that would like to get me one
thumb up so I know if there
interest in you there is simply a
other nail design deposited if you
I do not know yet
absolutely subscribe to none of my
to miss videos
I'm looking forward to any event
feedback already knew animal striping or
that was new to you now and say
just wait until the next video chart
show co